---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Planned features

We're always planning new features, and we welcome suggestions from
our users. If there's something you'd find useful, please [contact us](/) and we'll add it to our list if it fits our project's aims.

These roadmap items are loosely ordered in terms of priority, with
the top one being the most important.

## More form display options

We want to create more integrated experiences, such as
traditional-style form embeds, but also high-conversion options such
as single-question popups that appear while browsing. This will
allow you to gather immediate user opinions while remaining within
our privacy safety net.

## Even more branding customisation

We want to add background colours, patterns, gradients, etc, to make
your forms look nice if you don't have an image to use as a
background.

If there's anything else you want to be able to customise, please
let us know.

## Better webhook management and documentation

Right now, our webhooks are mostly undocumented and rely on quite a
simple synchronous delivery system. We'll add a dedicated dashboard
for configuring and managing webhooks, as well as detailed
documentation on integrating them.

As mentioned below, we want to open source Palform in the long run.
Because of this (and also to reduce operational costs) we want to
avoid relying on third-parties for things like webhooks (e.g. Svix),
so we'd rather engineer our own solution that fits our needs (and
yours).

## Descriptive statistics
Building on our existing stats/analysis features, we want to add
more general analysis capabilities. For example, we could add a
dedicated workflow for running an analysis on your dataset,
preferably simplified so that those without mathematical experience
can understand it.

## Data tagging and browsing
Adding tags to your data can help when discussing it with
colleagues, or just if you need to find interesting responses
quickly.

We also want to add a search engine for your responses and a
table-based view so you can see more if them at once. All of this
has to happen locally in your browser, so it takes a lot of
benchmarking and optimisation to implement these.

## Custom domains
We already support custom subdomains of palform.app for paying
customers, but we'd also like to add the ability to host a Palform
completely on your own dedicated domain. This involves some more
complexity (e.g. domain verification), but it's definitely a useful
thing to have.
